specific that they did defensive weather
just stop doesn't get in the bank no big
big big enough and good enough to get
out and picking home and get optimal not
return the phone too much
sign it's a good numbers for you what he
was it how much that hurt Joey got no it
always and on the game like this when
the bigs are so important and open up
the team not too high up a sign in there
for majority oh that have control the
game you know of course I heard but you
know you know the guys that come in as
well so it wasn't totally is another
dolls but you know of course
four fours to
whoa you guys just want to make the
playoffs but how important is steaming
right now or do you think about that or
is I kind of just on the back bar look
at it you know you want to sit away as
he moves from any you know
as long as important as I my vanity to
win
this every time we try to win everyone
so you'll see
not been for his I lose disincentive Sam
Oh
play also
right would there be a difference
between six and seven for you has a
different level you know we need that
team they can pick it we're not at the
top
the Bob trying to fight to get in so on
that's not too many
do I nights like this where three is not
going for the group is between 3 for 18
two guys still keep having tough try to
make open threes d look maybe more
inside well does that sought out
obviously we could have did a better job
of getting to second situations no but
those are three is coming part of our
game oh they're not forced we could get
a better job of moving the ball but also
a shots that we know me
how does this performance over to you
coming off with pay you guys played last
week well actually riding handles
listen or connect with a portion of
which
don't move down to the last placement
comes close we just can't play this kind
of Angie
oh it's tough stop the remote and we
just have to play as romance a lot very
mass grave sure everything's clicking on
both sides of the floor obviously a moen
india was a big lift for us on page
tonight see how started but I think it
was a great photographer outside
atmosphere tonight the six is my
favorite joy so I love to see give it a
success my favorite sneaker ok fast I
don't think a female need everybody yeah
he knows you know that about me some
sneaky LOL right ok